you can get some great picture effects
with the K 200 D you're going to need to
use your function button the four-way
controller and the okay in the middle
we're gonna hit our playback button to
get our pictures on the screen and let's
say we want to stretch Shea or maker
really sort of stouts
we can do that by hitting the function
button when the picture is on the screen
we're going to go to the left you see
that thing that looks like the lens the
left button next to the OK button and
then you're gonna scroll all the way
down you see all these different choices
color soft illustration we're gonna go
down to the bottom one here slim well
she's already slim but let's slim her
out more now all you have to do is use
your dial on the back of the camera to
dial one way or the other to make a
really slim or if we want us she's not
gonna like this but we could make a
really stout there's some cool wild
effects you can do now you can do this
in Photoshop kind of things I'm sure but
this is sort of fun to do right in the
camera now let's see what some other
things that you can do well you can make
it brighter let me show you a better
example I'm gonna call up another
picture let's see here's Martha and
let's say we there's a dark one and
Martha I took no flash now let's say we
want to brighten that up once again just
to review we're gonna hit the function
button on the back hit the one to the
left arrow and then we're gonna go down
to look there's a nice color soft but we
want to brighten it up okay you don't
want that we want to go down to the
brightness so I scroll all the way down
to brightness now I've already had that
dialed in but look at the difference see
this is normal right here for brightness
you can brighten it right up well what
if I want to save that picture I'm gonna
hit the okay button in the middle it
says do you want to save as a new file
you say yes save as and then the image
is being saved so now you have the old
version plus you'll have the new version
of her picture which is at the end I'm
not going to go to it right now let's
look at some other things that you can
do call up another shot of this close-up
one of Martha I'm going to hit function
again go all the way to the right and we
can have the sepia look we can have the
rich color again using your trial on the
back of the camera you can rich in or
reduce it as much as you want then go
down to soft and this is nice you can
soften the effects of somebody if they
felt that they had a bad day and you
want to sort of cover the darkness under
their eyes and this is illustration
which is just really weird sort of makes
like a drawing look it's really good
with kids and outside shots this is HD
or R which is high dynamic range which
is sort of simulates that rich dynamic
range you get with special software and
this is the slim thing we went over
before and that's the brightness these
are all the usual little effects that
you can do with the K 100d after you
take the picture and remember you can
save them as new pictures in your camera
you